I'm comedian nado green to learn more
about Jews and money I came to the San
Francisco Jewish community centers porum
carnival to learn from Jews in their
natural habitat forum basically Jewish
mardi gras and you were dressed as what
I have to be a French key because this
is the fleur-de-lis ok I promise all the
French king's that I can think of where
anti-semetic arguably your costume was a
manifestation of Jewish self-loathing
it's a manifestation of what was it good
will at the time i was there now that
could be traced to my jewish ancestry
however that's right that I never pay
retail what is the stereotype about Jews
and money hey woman's they know how to
handle it and value it well and when you
say they do you mean we yes I do that we
own and control most of it and where
does that come from Hollywood which we
also owned in control you're willing to
represent anti-semites if the price is
right I think your logic is irrefutable
you are on not Jewish not Jewish but you
are married to a wonderful Jewish man
and did you marry him for his money
absolutely not I don't know if I would
really engage a genocide if it was a
good deal on it but maybe sort of that
it just has to be enough cheaper than
the next cheapest option right that's
the marginal cheapness that we're
only you know controlling of all the
money but an effort which is not
entirely accurate not entirely I someone
who has lived in both worlds the Jewish
and non-jewish world did you report to
us to Jews love money differently from
nonzero non-jews limit just as much and
you're Jewish right yeah but I do get
welfare is there any group of people in
the world that doesn't love money know
what you're saying is that except for
Buddhist juzer like all people yes most
people think that like a Jew on welfare
is like the abominable snowman are you a
mythical figure I don't think scuffle
Jews were excluded from the trade so
they all that was left to them with a
money-making arts and this goes back to
the Middle Ages at least so it is a
stereotype that's maybe a thousand years
old Oh Anna memmer no one made this for
me it's already there i'm not using any
the world's energy what you're saying is
is that jews aren't cheap we're just
good recyclers yeah I think there's
probably a very strong ethical dimension
you might say reduce rieju recycle a Jew
I love it it's great yeah right are
there other things from the Middle Ages
that continue to upset you or impede on
your life in any way yes such as mud how
excited you get about getting a deal
very very excited like everyone and I
gotta do because the goal is the deal
not the actual object it's the good
feeling that deals to you you are the
ATM machine I at the Jewish Community
Center do you feel like people treat you
differently than ATM machines and more
Gentile establishments so I'll be quite
happy to spend an hour and a half
walking to the Mission District it back
because the mangos are slightly cheaper
there how old is your baby she's your
nap how much for the baby five dollars
would you ever cheat someone in the
business dealer cheats is strong I chew
them down you would use up and down
that's not she do you control the banks
I personally do yes how much money do
you have on me 5s 60 bucks do you get
anything on the backend girl scout
cookie sales what would you say is your
network I really don't like my this
conversations did you think of the ATM
surcharge what's your pin number I
control the banks and I'm sorry what do
you feel is the perception of Jews and
money
there's an ice cream truck do you think
the Jews control the ice cream truck